this is little Z rapid just downstream
of initiation you can see kind of tight
and technical there's a bunch of
different lines you can run here through
this thing I guess the easiest thing you
can do is go down the far right of this
thing is kind of a straight shot there
you enter and you stay on down the right
side there's actually a nice white water
hit there waiting for you and for the
kayakers it's actually a pretty good
little surf so it's another line here is
the left-hand line a little more tight
and technical I guess that's where this
rapid derives its name little Z kind of
make a couple Z moves down through there
zigging and zagging through this rapid
you're going to enter watch out for a
couple rocks they're just under the
surface of the water they kind of mess
up your line you're going to get over
here to the left side of the river you
can punch on through that hole if you
want up there and then work your way
down that middle channel there finish it
out or you can also come way over here
to the right and drop down this little
slot down here at the bottom you see
that rock there on the river right side
of the slot is a little bit undercut
however so beware
another thing to watch out for here in
little Z is this pointy Rock in the
middle it's kind of the only rock in the
middle of the rapid things also a little
undercut I guess the water sucks into
that rock from left to right something
to keep in mind here just beware stay
away from that rock there just to the
right of that couple nice boots though
we got that hole that you can punch
through here on the right line all right
here we've got some folks getting ready
to enter this little Z rapid
guys you
like they're going to probably take the
left hand line
getting zagging down through this thing
we got a nice little hydraulic their
little pore over its kind of washing out
it's kind of more like a little weight
pit here
and then downstream here on the far left
we got a nice little slot here some of
these rafts like the run
can see that rocks a little bit undercut
there though
looking good nonetheless sup guys
they're little Z rapid right here comes
some rafters get ready to enter little Z
rapid here as I said there's a bunch of
different ways to run this thing looks
like these guys are going to go all the
way over to the right
work their way on down the right side I
really liked that line
definitely some nice white water hits
over there's you will soon see these
guys gonna probably punch on through
that nice hit
lying up for a good one here let's see
how they do
looking good baby here we go
punching on through that thing
all the way down the right side that's
about the easiest way to run this thing
fine lines there in little V rapid way
to go folks